this is Moxon I call him Joe for short
he's new here and right now he lives
back here that's because I don't have
anywhere better to put him
I've tried putting him on the floor I
thought of putting him on the ceiling I
thought of all kinds of places to put
him but he doesn't fit anywhere he's too
long and those bolts stick out too far
and I'm constantly ripping my legs open
on them especially in the good weather
now where I'm wearing shorts now I also
have this guy that's my little saw bitch
it's made from a picture out of Alex
Beeler's book old ways of working would
I think it's called now this little guy
here has been a very handy addition but
if you take a look at the bottom there's
a lot of wasted space and in a really
tiny little woodshop like this one I
don't have room to waste that much space
so I'm going to rebuild this guy and I'm
gonna make him so that Moxon fits
underneath and that way I'm not wasting
any space and the saw bench will be a
little less wobbly because he likes the
wobble around a little bit when I put
the thickness planer on him and shoot my
chips out the door
you